docs: add notes on verification and proof properties (#56)
decentralized-identity/did-jwt-vc: README.md

      },
    },
    "proof": {

>       // synthetic proof type, NOT a registered LD-Proof type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      //  proof type for internal use, NOT a registered vc-data-model type
```

    '@context': [Array],
    issuanceDate: '2019-09-09T16:07:43.000Z',
    proof: {

>       // synthetic proof type, NOT an LD-Proof

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // proof type for internal use, NOT a registered W3C vc-data-model proof type
```

      type: 'JwtProof2020',
      jwt: 'eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJFUzI1NkstUiJ9.eyJpYXQiOjE1NjgwNDUyNjMsInZwI...ViNNCvoTQ-swSHwbELW7-EGPAcHLOMiIwE'
    }
  }
}
*/
```

#### Notes on verification and proof properties

The result of the verification methods, when successful, also conveniently contain the decoded and parsed payloads, in

> a format that closely matches the [W3C data model]() for verifiable credentials and presentations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a format that closely matches the [W3C data model](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/) for verifiable credentials and presentations. 
```

Author: good catch, thanks :)

This makes it easier to work with both credential encodings in the same system.
This parsed payload also shows a `proof` property that lists the full JWT credential or presentation.

The `JwtProof2020` is a synthetic proof type, usable for differentiating credentials by type.

> It is not a registered LD-Proof algorithm and should not be treated as such.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not a registered W3C VC Data Model algorithm and should not be treated as such.
```
